[ie/funimation] Remove extractors (#12167)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

# EXTRACTOR ARGUMENTS

> Some extractors accept additional arguments which can be passed using `--extractor-args KEY:ARGS`. `ARGS` is a `;` (semicolon) separated string of `ARG=VAL1,VAL2`. E.g. `--extractor-args "youtube:player-client=tv,mweb;formats=incomplete"`

Reviewer: Add another example

```suggestion
Some extractors accept additional arguments which can be passed using `--extractor-args KEY:ARGS`. `ARGS` is a `;` (semicolon) separated string of `ARG=VAL1,VAL2`. E.g. `--extractor-args "youtube:player-client=tv,mweb;formats=incomplete" --extractor-args "crunchyrollbeta:hardsub=en-US"`
```

Reviewer 2: The crunchyroll extractor is "dead" as well - all of their content is DRM protected as of mid last year. It doesn't make sense to mention it then?

> Some extractors accept additional arguments which can be passed using `--extractor-args KEY:ARGS`. `ARGS` is a `;` (semicolon) separated string of `ARG=VAL1,VAL2`. E.g. `--extractor-args "youtube:player-client=tv,mweb;formats=incomplete" --extractor-args "crunchyrollbeta:hardsub=en-US"`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Some extractors accept additional arguments which can be passed using `--extractor-args KEY:ARGS`. `ARGS` is a `;` (semicolon) separated string of `ARG=VAL1,VAL2`. E.g. `--extractor-args "youtube:player-client=tv,mweb;formats=incomplete" --extractor-args "twitter:api=syndication"`
```
